and the Lord spoke to Moses speak to the
and the Lord spoke to Moses speak to the children of Israel and say to them the
children of Israel and say to them the
children of Israel and say to them the feasts of the Lord which you shall
feasts of the Lord which you shall
feasts of the Lord which you shall proclaim to be holy convocations these
proclaim to be holy convocations these
proclaim to be holy convocations these are my feasts six days shall work be
are my feasts six days shall work be
are my feasts six days shall work be done but the seventh day is a Sabbath of
done but the seventh day is a Sabbath of
done but the seventh day is a Sabbath of solemn rest a holy convocation you shall
solemn rest a holy convocation you shall
solemn rest a holy convocation you shall do no work on it it is the Sabbath of
do no work on it it is the Sabbath of
do no work on it it is the Sabbath of the Lord in all your dwellings these are
the Lord in all your dwellings these are
the Lord in all your dwellings these are the feasts of the Lord holy convocations
the feasts of the Lord holy convocations
the feasts of the Lord holy convocations which you shall proclaim at their
which you shall proclaim at their
which you shall proclaim at their appointed times on the 14th day of the
appointed times on the 14th day of the
appointed times on the 14th day of the first month at twilight is the Lord's
first month at twilight is the Lord's
first month at twilight is the Lord's Passover and on the fifteenth day of the
Passover and on the fifteenth day of the
Passover and on the fifteenth day of the same month is the feast of unleavened
same month is the feast of unleavened
same month is the feast of unleavened bread to the Lord seven days you must
bread to the Lord seven days you must
bread to the Lord seven days you must eat unleavened bread on the first day
eat unleavened bread on the first day
eat unleavened bread on the first day you shall have a holy convocation you
you shall have a holy convocation you
you shall have a holy convocation you shall do no customary work on it but you
shall do no customary work on it but you
shall do no customary work on it but you shall offer an offering made by fire to
shall offer an offering made by fire to
shall offer an offering made by fire to the Lord for seven days the seventh day
the Lord for seven days the seventh day
the Lord for seven days the seventh day shall be a holy convocation you shall do
shall be a holy convocation you shall do
shall be a holy convocation you shall do no customary work on it speak to the
no customary work on it speak to the
no customary work on it speak to the children of Israel and say to them when
children of Israel and say to them when
children of Israel and say to them when you come into the land which I give to
you come into the land which I give to
you come into the land which I give to you and reap its harvest then you shall
you and reap its harvest then you shall
you and reap its harvest then you shall bring a sheaf of the first fruits of
bring a sheaf of the first fruits of
bring a sheaf of the first fruits of your harvest to the priest he shall wave
your harvest to the priest he shall wave
your harvest to the priest he shall wave the sheaf before the Lord to be accepted
the sheaf before the Lord to be accepted
the sheaf before the Lord to be accepted on your behalf on the day after the
on your behalf on the day after the
on your behalf on the day after the Sabbath the priest shall wave it and you
Sabbath the priest shall wave it and you
Sabbath the priest shall wave it and you shall offer on that day when you wave
shall offer on that day when you wave
shall offer on that day when you wave the sheaf a male lamb of the first year
the sheaf a male lamb of the first year
the sheaf a male lamb of the first year without blemish as a burnt offering to
without blemish as a burnt offering to
without blemish as a burnt offering to the Lord its grain offering shall be
the Lord its grain offering shall be
the Lord its grain offering shall be two-tenths of an ephah of fine flour
two-tenths of an ephah of fine flour
two-tenths of an ephah of fine flour mixed with oil an offering made by fire
mixed with oil an offering made by fire
mixed with oil an offering made by fire to the Lord for a sweet aroma
to the Lord for a sweet aroma
to the Lord for a sweet aroma and it's drink offering shall be of wine
and it's drink offering shall be of wine
and it's drink offering shall be of wine 1/4 of a hint usually 2 neither bread
1/4 of a hint usually 2 neither bread
1/4 of a hint usually 2 neither bread nor parched grain North fresh grain
nor parched grain North fresh grain
nor parched grain North fresh grain until the same day that you have brought
until the same day that you have brought
until the same day that you have brought an offering to your God
an offering to your God
an offering to your God it shall be a statute forever throughout
it shall be a statute forever throughout
it shall be a statute forever throughout your generations in all your dwellings
your generations in all your dwellings
your generations in all your dwellings and you shall count for yourselves from
and you shall count for yourselves from
and you shall count for yourselves from the day after the Sabbath from the day
the day after the Sabbath from the day
the day after the Sabbath from the day that you brought the sheaf of the wave
that you brought the sheaf of the wave
that you brought the sheaf of the wave offering seven Sabbath's shall be
offering seven Sabbath's shall be
offering seven Sabbath's shall be completed count fifty days to the day
completed count fifty days to the day
completed count fifty days to the day after the seventh Sabbath then you shall
after the seventh Sabbath then you shall
after the seventh Sabbath then you shall offer a new grain offering to the Lord
offer a new grain offering to the Lord
offer a new grain offering to the Lord you shall bring from your dwellings two
you shall bring from your dwellings two
you shall bring from your dwellings two wave loaves of two tenths of an ephah
wave loaves of two tenths of an ephah
wave loaves of two tenths of an ephah they shall be a fine flour they shall be
they shall be a fine flour they shall be
they shall be a fine flour they shall be baked with leaven they are the first
baked with leaven they are the first
baked with leaven they are the first fruits to the Lord and you shall offer
fruits to the Lord and you shall offer
fruits to the Lord and you shall offer with the bread seven lambs of the first
with the bread seven lambs of the first
with the bread seven lambs of the first year without blemish one young bull and
year without blemish one young bull and
year without blemish one young bull and two Rams they shall be as a burnt
two Rams they shall be as a burnt
two Rams they shall be as a burnt offering to the Lord with their grain
offering to the Lord with their grain
offering to the Lord with their grain offering and their drink offerings an
offering and their drink offerings an
offering and their drink offerings an offering made by fire for a sweet aroma
offering made by fire for a sweet aroma
offering made by fire for a sweet aroma to the Lord then you shall sacrifice one
to the Lord then you shall sacrifice one
to the Lord then you shall sacrifice one kid of the goats as a sin offering and
kid of the goats as a sin offering and
kid of the goats as a sin offering and to male lambs of the first year as a
to male lambs of the first year as a
to male lambs of the first year as a sacrifice of a peace offering the priest
sacrifice of a peace offering the priest
sacrifice of a peace offering the priest shall wave them with the bread of the
shall wave them with the bread of the
shall wave them with the bread of the firstfruits as a wave offering before
firstfruits as a wave offering before
firstfruits as a wave offering before the Lord with the two lambs they shall
the Lord with the two lambs they shall
the Lord with the two lambs they shall be holy to the law for the priest
be holy to the law for the priest
be holy to the law for the priest and you shall proclaim on the same day
and you shall proclaim on the same day
and you shall proclaim on the same day that it is our holy convocation to you
that it is our holy convocation to you
that it is our holy convocation to you you shall do no customary work on it it
you shall do no customary work on it it
you shall do no customary work on it it shall be a statute for ever in all your
shall be a statute for ever in all your
shall be a statute for ever in all your dwellings throughout your generations
dwellings throughout your generations
dwellings throughout your generations when you reap the harvest of your land
when you reap the harvest of your land
when you reap the harvest of your land you shall not wholly reap the corners of
you shall not wholly reap the corners of
you shall not wholly reap the corners of your field when you reap nor shall you
your field when you reap nor shall you
your field when you reap nor shall you gather any gleaning from your harvest
gather any gleaning from your harvest
gather any gleaning from your harvest you shall leave them for the poor and
you shall leave them for the poor and
you shall leave them for the poor and for the stranger I am the Lord your God
for the stranger I am the Lord your God
for the stranger I am the Lord your God from the Lord spoke to Moses speak to
from the Lord spoke to Moses speak to
from the Lord spoke to Moses speak to the children of Israel saying in the
the children of Israel saying in the
the children of Israel saying in the seventh month on the first day of the
seventh month on the first day of the
seventh month on the first day of the month you shall have a Sabbath rest a
month you shall have a Sabbath rest a
month you shall have a Sabbath rest a memorial of blowing of trumpets a holy
memorial of blowing of trumpets a holy
memorial of blowing of trumpets a holy convocation you shall do no customary
convocation you shall do no customary
convocation you shall do no customary work on it and you shall offer an
work on it and you shall offer an
work on it and you shall offer an offering made by fire to the Lord also
offering made by fire to the Lord also
offering made by fire to the Lord also the tenth day of this seventh month
the tenth day of this seventh month
the tenth day of this seventh month shall be the Day of Atonement it shall
shall be the Day of Atonement it shall
shall be the Day of Atonement it shall be a holy convocation for you you shall
be a holy convocation for you you shall
be a holy convocation for you you shall afflict your souls and offer an offering
afflict your souls and offer an offering
afflict your souls and offer an offering made by fire to the Lord and you shall
made by fire to the Lord and you shall
made by fire to the Lord and you shall do no work on that same day for it is
do no work on that same day for it is
do no work on that same day for it is the Day of Atonement to make atonement
the Day of Atonement to make atonement
the Day of Atonement to make atonement for you before the Lord your God for any
for you before the Lord your God for any
for you before the Lord your God for any person who is not afflicted in soul on
person who is not afflicted in soul on
person who is not afflicted in soul on that same day shall be cut off from his
that same day shall be cut off from his
that same day shall be cut off from his people and any person who does any work
people and any person who does any work
people and any person who does any work on that same day that person I will
on that same day that person I will
on that same day that person I will destroy from among his people you shall
destroy from among his people you shall
destroy from among his people you shall do no manner of work it shall be a
do no manner of work it shall be a
do no manner of work it shall be a statute forever throughout your
statute forever throughout your
statute forever throughout your generations in all your dwellings it
generations in all your dwellings it
generations in all your dwellings it shall be to you a Sabbath of solemn rest
shall be to you a Sabbath of solemn rest
shall be to you a Sabbath of solemn rest and you shall afflict your souls
and you shall afflict your souls
and you shall afflict your souls on the 9th day of the month at evening
on the 9th day of the month at evening
on the 9th day of the month at evening from evening to evening you shall
from evening to evening you shall
from evening to evening you shall celebrate your Sabbath Ram the Lord
celebrate your Sabbath Ram the Lord
celebrate your Sabbath Ram the Lord spoke to Moses speak to the children of
spoke to Moses speak to the children of
spoke to Moses speak to the children of Israel saying the fifteenth day of this
Israel saying the fifteenth day of this
Israel saying the fifteenth day of this seventh month shall be the feast of
seventh month shall be the feast of
seventh month shall be the feast of tabernacles for seven days to the Lord
tabernacles for seven days to the Lord
tabernacles for seven days to the Lord on the first day there shall be a holy
on the first day there shall be a holy
on the first day there shall be a holy convocation you shall do no customary
convocation you shall do no customary
convocation you shall do no customary work on it for seven days you shall
work on it for seven days you shall
work on it for seven days you shall offer an offering made by fire to the
offer an offering made by fire to the
offer an offering made by fire to the Lord on the eighth day you shall have a
Lord on the eighth day you shall have a
Lord on the eighth day you shall have a holy convocation and you shall offer an
holy convocation and you shall offer an
holy convocation and you shall offer an offering made by fire to the Lord it is
offering made by fire to the Lord it is
offering made by fire to the Lord it is a sacred assembly and you shall do no
a sacred assembly and you shall do no
a sacred assembly and you shall do no customary work on it
customary work on it
customary work on it these are the feasts of the Lord which
these are the feasts of the Lord which
these are the feasts of the Lord which you shall proclaim to be holy
you shall proclaim to be holy
you shall proclaim to be holy convocations to offer an offering made
convocations to offer an offering made
convocations to offer an offering made by fire to the Lord the burnt offering
by fire to the Lord the burnt offering
by fire to the Lord the burnt offering and a grain offering a sacrifice and
and a grain offering a sacrifice and
and a grain offering a sacrifice and drink offerings everything on its day
drink offerings everything on its day
drink offerings everything on its day besides the Sabbath's of the Lord
besides the Sabbath's of the Lord
besides the Sabbath's of the Lord besides your gifts besides all your vows
besides your gifts besides all your vows
besides your gifts besides all your vows and besides all your freewill offerings
and besides all your freewill offerings
and besides all your freewill offerings which you give to the Lord also on the
which you give to the Lord also on the
which you give to the Lord also on the fifteenth day of the seventh month when
fifteenth day of the seventh month when
fifteenth day of the seventh month when you have gathered in the fruit of the
you have gathered in the fruit of the
you have gathered in the fruit of the land you shall keep the Feast of the
land you shall keep the Feast of the
land you shall keep the Feast of the Lord for seven days on the first day
Lord for seven days on the first day
Lord for seven days on the first day there shall be a Sabbath rest and on the
there shall be a Sabbath rest and on the
there shall be a Sabbath rest and on the eighth day a Sabbath rest and you shall
eighth day a Sabbath rest and you shall
eighth day a Sabbath rest and you shall take for yourselves on the first day the
take for yourselves on the first day the
take for yourselves on the first day the fruit of beautiful trees branches of
fruit of beautiful trees branches of
fruit of beautiful trees branches of palm trees the boughs of leafy trees and
palm trees the boughs of leafy trees and
palm trees the boughs of leafy trees and willows of the brook and you shall
willows of the brook and you shall
willows of the brook and you shall rejoice before the Lord your God for
rejoice before the Lord your God for
rejoice before the Lord your God for seven days you shall keep it as a feast
seven days you shall keep it as a feast
seven days you shall keep it as a feast to the Lord for seven days in the year
to the Lord for seven days in the year
to the Lord for seven days in the year it shall be a statute forever in your
it shall be a statute forever in your
it shall be a statute forever in your generations you shall celebrate it in
generations you shall celebrate it in
generations you shall celebrate it in the seventh month you shall dwell in
the seventh month you shall dwell in
the seventh month you shall dwell in booze for seven days all who are Native
booze for seven days all who are Native
booze for seven days all who are Native Israelites shall dwell in booths that
Israelites shall dwell in booths that
Israelites shall dwell in booths that your generations may know that I made
your generations may know that I made
your generations may know that I made the children of Israel twelve in booths
the children of Israel twelve in booths
the children of Israel twelve in booths when I brought them out of the land of
when I brought them out of the land of
when I brought them out of the land of Egypt I am the Lord your God